Previously on Fringe...
The shape-shifters...
on your side are looking for someone.
William Bell told me that
Newton would try to open a doorway
from our universe to the other side.
You once built a door
that let you walk between worlds.
Tell me how you did it.
- I can save him.
- Peter is dead.
We're talking about the other Peter,
the one on the other side.
- You're not my father!
- Of course I am.
I've done enough damage.
I have to tell him who he really is.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You feel that?
What?
The... the shaking.
A whole lot of shakin' goin' on.
No, I'm serious.
And you're stoned. Give me that.
I thought you said this
place was abandoned.
I'm gonna check it out.
- We should just go.
- No, just hang tight.
I'll be fine.
What the hell?
This totally sucks.
What took you so long?
You scared the hell out of me.
I want to leave here, Dave.
Fringe 2x19
The Man From the Other Side
Original Air Date April 22th, 2010
-- Sync by elderman --
-- Corrected by chamallow & Kerensky --
-- Final edits by Arcinboldi --
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Oh, come on, Walter, not again.
I'm just rearranging.
Uh, it's not quite right yet.
It's fine.
And it was fine yesterday and
fine the day before that.
A well-ordered house
is the sign of a well-ordered mind.
Yeah, but staying up all night
to find the perfect place
for your laundry hamper
is a sign of something else,
in my books.
Come on, leave that for later.
I got you a surprise.
I thought maybe we could
bake a pie together.
Your favorite...
say, pecan?
I got all the good stuff.
You want to whip the batter?
The batter can wait.
There's something we
have to talk about.
Okay, fair enough. It's your room.
- You can decorate it however you like.
- It's not that.
There's something
you deserve to know.
Peter...
Every living thing dies.
As a scientist,
that's one of the hardest
things to accept,
That we try to understand
the mechanisms of life.
But inevitably, we can't defeat death.
No matter how much we may want to.
It's Olivia.
Hey. What's up?
Yeah.
Yeah, sure. We'll meet you outside.
Something happened?
Yeah, I guess so.
She's on her way to pick us up.
I'll get my field kit.
Walter...
Oh, it's...
it's all right, Peter.
It can wait.
Name's Jill Redmond.
Her purse was found
outside the car.
Patrolman found her
with a broken neck.
That's the cause of death.
But the medical examiner found this.
Three puncture wounds
in her soft palate.
Raised a red flag in the FBI database
and came up the chain to me.
Shape-shifters.
Well, the last time we heard of
Newton and his men
was in New York.
They must have needed her
identity for something.
What else do we know about her?
We're running a background
check on her now.
Well, we should send her photograph
to the local and
state law enforcement.
And make sure they
know that she just got
a hell of a lot more
dangerous than she looks.
Look...
It's a lemon zinger, I believe.
Mm! It's not as good
as the stuff I grow,
but it's not bad either.
Well, at least she
died in a happy place.
I'm not so sure.
The girl's wearing lipstick,
but there isn't any on the joint.
So you think that maybe
she was with somebody?
Maybe...
Maybe someone who was
lucky enough to get away.
Three puncture wounds
to the soft palate.
All clear.
The rest of the place is deserted.
Except for this.
Walter, have you seen
anything like this before?
I think I may have.
It's awfully familiar.
Ah, yes.
It reminds me of a beanbag chair
I once owned...
1974.
So when a shape-shifter
takes a body,
it's because they want access,
like, uh, the one
that turned into the nurse,
came after me at the hospital.
Or... Charlie.
So what would the shape-shifters
want with these kids?
You think that's a good idea?
Oh, yeah, I think
it's harmless enough.
Mercury.
Walter, if that's mercury,
do you think that this
is a shape-shifter?
I do believe it is.
Isn't that wonderful?
Good morning.
We're here to pick up a camera,
an Argus...
A2B 35mm.
The secretary told me there
would be three of you.
There was a problem.
The third didn't make it.
Marvelous.
That feels like an embryo,
in the sense that it's
not fully developed.
Developed?
Well, my theory is
that this is the state in
which they enter our universe.
And as I've said,
being partly mechanical,
they can cross over in a
way that humans can't.
But, uh, this one...
seems to have failed
to mature properly.
Peter, would you take a look?
Shape-shifter embryo.
Adorable.
So the two teenagers...
maybe there were two more of these
that hatched and killed them.
It's a sound proposition, but
presumably the embryonic shape-shifters
would have needed features,
human identities.
They certainly wouldn't
blend in otherwise.
So then those two teenagers were just
in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Dunham.
It's got dozens of
different amino acids,
which would allow it to survive in the
foreign conditions of our universe.
Okay, that was Broyles.
Astrid, I want to see if we
can download this file
from the FBI's secure server.
The African elephant is the largest...
Okay, this was recorded last night.
Now just before 9:00 p.m.,
several dozen homes,
all within a half-mile
radius of the warehouse,
reported an... an
odd kind of interference
with their broadcast signal.
That's right around when the M.E.
estimated the time of
death for those kids.
Walter,
is it possible that the
shape-shifter embryo
could have caused this kind
of interference?
Yes.
I believe the interfering signal
may have originated in
the alternate universe.
We may be getting a glimpse
into the other side.
- Can we turn it up?
- Yeah.
And slow it down.
What is that?
It almost sounds like a language.
You hear the way that some of
those sounds seem to repeat?
Shape-shifters are soldiers.
Soldiers always come with orders.
Maybe that's a message.
I can see what the code breakers
at the bureau can make of it.
I got a better idea.
It's not a language.
It's math.
Math?
Trigonometric equations...
in this case, a radio wave,
the kind given off by a solar flare,
which is interesting.
Interesting how?
Our astronomical division picked up a surge
in solar activity right around that time.
Here's a radio wave from
last night's solar flare.
Uh, here's your wave.
But yours couldn't have
come from the sun.
Well, where else
could it have come from?
I don't know.
I mean, they're not in sync.
Suppose it came
from a parallel universe.
Wow.
That... that would de...
yeah, yeah, because in
a parallel universe,
time would be slightly out of sync.
And the waves would be too.
Hmm.
What?
Imagine that these are
the two universes...
slightly out of sync.
But on rare occasion,
they perfectly line up.
According to the computer,
that's gonna happen
between our universe and wherever
this radio wave came from.
When?
Based on this, tomorrow at
precisely 3:31 p.m.
- All right, who will be McCallister?
- That'd be me.
He's Wu.
Now everything else you need is in here.
Once you're done, we'll reconvene
at the exchange points tomorrow
at exactly 20 past 3:00.
So that's it?
We're still going through with this?
Why? You have a problem with this?
We're a man down.
Neither of us have time to handle
the Verona assignment,
and you don't have a
shifting device.
Maybe we should abort.
And I suppose you'll be the one
to give the news to the secretary.
We won't have another chance
like this for seven months.
So I'll figure out how
to handle Mr. Verona.
You make sure you hold your end.
All right?
You're the boss.
Then let's get to work.
Excuse me...
Would you happen to know
where Franklin Street is?
Sure.
Uh, you're three blocks south
of Franklin, so go down this street.
You'll see a convenience store.
Then make a left and go two blocks west.
I'll write it down for you.
Hey. Where's Walter?
He's out counting cars.
Thinks it might help jog his memory.
He says that human memory
is best triggered...
When accomplishing
mundane tasks, I know.
Yeah, Walter's convinced
that Newton wants to build
a door to the other side.
If Walter can remember
what he told Newton,
we might be able to figure out what's
supposed to happen at 3:31 tomorrow.
And these cars that he's tracking down?
Well, he promised
to stay off the freeway.
Hey.
How goes it?
Uh, Broyles sent over a list
of state and local events
taking place tomorrow, so...
Uh-oh.
Star Trek convention at the
Worcester Centrum.
That's not good.
I told Walter I'd take him.
Maybe we'll just pretend
like we didn't see that.
Sure.
I think I finally figured out why it is
that Walter's been
acting so strange lately.
He's been carrying this
picture around with him...
a family photo from when I was a kid.
I think he wants to talk to
me about how my mother died.
About a month after I got to Europe,
I got a call from St. Claire's...
from Walter.
He told me that she died in a car crash.
It wasn't a car crash.
My mother committed suicide.
It was the only time I spoke to him
in the 17 years that he was
locked up in St. Claire's.
He must have known the truth.
I think, in his way,
he was trying to protect me.
And...
And for whatever reason,
he wants to talk about it now.
Peter...
You know that Walter
loves you very much.
Peter!
Our synthetic friends.
I believe I know how to
figure out what they're up to.
You remember what you told Newton?
No, but as they say in Finland...
There's more than one
way to roast a reindeer.
But I'll need some supplies.
I need six car batteries,
a voltage transformer,
and... and several yards of
ten-gauge electrical wire.
Oh! Uh, and a corpse.
Any corpse will do.
But it shouldn't be dead
for more than two days.
- Hello.
- Hello. Can I help you?
Yes, I'm here to see your manager,
Mr. McCallister.
He's... he's expecting me.
So, boss, you felt the
need to check up on me?
Yeah.
Figure out what to do about Verona?
I have some thoughts.
Mr. McCallister?
Yes?
Approval for an overdraft withdrawal?
Oh, thank you.
I'll be there in just a minute.
Okay.
You can handle the rest.
Just make sure the device
remains undisturbed.
Tied into the house power,
and the voltmeter is ready to go.
Uh, so, Walter, you're sure
that I'm doing this right?
It's perfect, Olivia.
Just make sure they're tightened down.
Walter, you really think
that this is gonna work?
There's no reason it shouldn't.
I mean, something stopped this creature
from developing, and because
it's part mechanical,
if we pump it with enough electricity,
we should be able to restart it,
like jump-starting a car.
So what's the corpse for?
Is this embryo supposed to reanimate it?
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
B... but, if we intend to
question this creature,
then it will need an identity to...
to shape-shift into.
'Cause that's not ridiculous at all.
I think we're ready, Olivia.
80 amps.
Hmm, not enough power,
but it seems to be working.
Uh, try 110.
110.
Walter...
140.
I think we must have blown a fuse.
Oh, my.
Look. Astrid, quickly... some candles.
Something's wrong.
When I cut into it,
I must have damaged it.
Peter, the corpse.
All right, good on my side.
Help me.
Contact... Newton.
Thomas Jerome Newton?
Where is he?
Verona.
D... D... Daniel...
Wait, who is Daniel Verona?
Blood type A.B. negative.
Cellular polarity...
- We're losing him.
- Okay, tomorrow afternoon,
what is happening at 3:31?
I'm... sorry.
Daniel Verona?
FBI.
911. What is your emergency?
Well, there's a man.
He's middle-aged, Caucasian.
It looks like he's
having a heart attack.
What is your location?
I'm on the corner of
Longwood and Huntington.
What is your name, sir?
Oh, my God!
Hey, this... this guy needs help!
Does anyone know CPR?
Someone call an ambulance, quick!
He's not a shape-shifter.
We'll run his blood anyway,
test it for mercury.
Maybe we got to him before they could.
Why him?
I mean, why Daniel Verona?
What could they want with him?
Medical examiner, works out
of Boston General...
It's anybody's guess.
Yeah, you too.
Okay. Good night.
Agent Dunham?
Yeah. Verona was a bust.
Walter...
You've been awake for two straight days.
You need to get some rest.
Shape-shifters...
I should have been more careful
with my initial dissection.
If I hadn't caused so much damage,
it would... it could
have told us everything.
But you couldn't
possibly have known that.
It was definitely
stupid and inexcusable.
Calm down.
It's gonna be okay.
Okay, yeah.
We're gonna figure it out,
just like we always do.
Okay. Okay.
- Okay?
- Hmm.
I want you to get some rest, dad.
I'm gonna hit the sack.
I'll be upstairs if you need me.
"Dad."
Huh?
You just called me dad.
Yeah, I guess I did.
Peter!
Yeah?
Newton...
I think I know what he's planning to do.
She's here.
Agent Dunham, I'm...
I'm sorry to get you out of bed.
Oh, it's okay. Okay. Now...
Geometry and harmonic vibrations...
that's how we did it, Belly and I.
Did what?
Sent Belly's Monte Carlo from
this universe to the other side.
Now as I've said before, the two
universes vibrate at different frequencies.
So we set up three harmonic rods
arranged as an equilateral triangle
and then activated the rods.
When the car began to vibrate
at just the right frequency...
That's how we sent Belly's
car to the other side.
And it's exactly what Newton
did with the building.
But Newton's attempt failed.
Yes, indeed it did,
b... because the building
that Newton brought over
landed in a location that was
already occupied by another.
But I suspect that Mr. Newton
has found a way around that problem,
because he has something
that Belly and I never had.
What's that?
Agents in both universes.
Yes, Peter.
So if we set up the harmonic rods
in exactly the same position
in each universe, like so...
And we activate the rods...
Boom.
Then whatever is in the center of each
triangle will simply be exchanged.
Of course, that would likely require
that the universes be in sync.
3:31 this afternoon.
Okay, so, uh...
so what could Newton bring here?
Last time he brought a building, so I
suppose anything he could fit inside of it...
a... a machine.
- An army.
- Yes.
If the triangle is large enough,
that is possible.
Okay, so we have roughly ten hours
to figure out where the center
of Newton's triangle is.
Yes.
But it could be anywhere.
Three points...
Newton would have to
place the harmonic rods
at three specific
locations across the city.
Okay, so that's why
Newton's going after Verona,
because Verona must have access
to one of the three points.
So that would suggest either
Boston General Hospital
or Verona's home.
Okay, so Verona lives in Beacon Hill...
520 South Garden Street.
It doesn't matter.
It's only a couple
blocks from the hospital.
So for our purposes,
that's our first point.
I think I might be able to help.
Boston P.D. just found a corpse
in Chestnut Hill Village.
Three punctures to his soft palate.
His name is Ben McCallister.
He's a branch manager at
Pinewood Savings Bank.
He was found just outside his office.
Not easy to access a bank.
Okay, 185 Mason Ave.
Mason...
Excellent. So that's our second point, and now
we have the first leg of our triangle.
We've got more than that, son.
We're looking for
an equilateral triangle,
therefore, the third point...
Can only be in one of two places, right.
All right, so the third point is
either Arlington or... Cedar Grove.
Well, try both.
See what's in the
center of each triangle.
It's either Hyde Park...
or right on the Charles River.
So he's got to be targeting Hyde Park.
Is there a bridge on the Charles?
Yeah, a condemned railway bridge.
Why?
Uh, the water would absorb any excess
energy caused by Newton's procedure,
so he must be making the
exchange on the bridge.
She's right, Peter.
Uh, it's Dunham.
I think we have something.
We're all set.
- Any problems?
- All good.
Go deal with it, now.
Are we sending anyone to look
for the harmonic rods?
Agents are on their way to the morgue
and McCallister's bank in Chestnut Hill.
Boston P.D. have been deployed
to the Andrews Avenue bridge.
What's your status?
We're a few minutes away.
Whatever Newton's trying to bring over,
Walter thinks he can stop it.
Okay, call me when you get there.
Walter, how is this thing gonna work?
Vibrations are composed of shock waves,
and like sound waves, they can
be nullified by their opposite...
- right, like noise-canceling
headphones. - Precisely.
The seismograph will pick up the
vibrations from Newton's device.
The laptop will calculate its opposite
and transmit it to the pneumatic hammer.
To send out vibrations that would
cancel out Newton's device.
Of course, we have to
get the hammer as close
to the center of the bridge as possible,
which might be dangerous.
Dangerous how?
The vibrational waves that Newton
will need to generate the intensity...
devastating.
What do you mean, "devastating"?
I suspect it would tear a man apart.
Walter, I need you to stay here and
finish putting that thing together, okay?
Hey... we need to get on that bridge.
I'm afraid that's not possible.
Uh... I'm with the FBI.
You're the boss.
Let me just check with the sergeant.
How did you know?
A cop wouldn't call his
sergeant on a cell phone.
Walter! No!
It's 3:32.
Walter's not gonna make it in time.
I'm going up there. Cover me.
Hey.
Peter, you need to get off this bridge.
I have to put this right.
I started this, I've got to...
It's gonna go faster
if we do it together.
What?
Yeah, the two on the bridge...
get them out of there.
Peter and Walter are on the bridge.
It's started.
Pneumatic is ready.
Seismograph is ready.
Cleaning up the program!
Something's wrong!
I don't understand.
It should be working.
There's something wrong with your
frequency-recognition program.
But don't worry. I can fix it.
How we doing?
I need you all to get
off this bridge now.
Get off the bridge.
No, Walter, there's
nothing else you can do.
I need you to get him off this bridge.
Come on, Walter.
- No, no. I... No, I... Olivia.
- Walter, come with me. Walter...
Aah!
You okay?
Welcome back.
How long was I out?
Uh, about a day and a half.
Here.
The doctor said that you'd be fine,
but Walter was worried.
I'm fine.
Is he here?
Yeah. He wouldn't leave.
He'll want to know that you're up.
Olivia...
I'd like to speak to him alone,
if that's okay.
Sure.
Peter.
Oh, they told me you'd be all right,
but I was so worried, son.
And...
There was another man on that bridge.
When Newton's device started to work,
I saw him there...
Just walking down the bridge.
He had to have been from the other side.
You said the effects of Newton's
vibrations would be devastating.
And...
They were.
They destroyed that FBI agent.
They just...
disintegrated him like
he wasn't even there.
But they didn't kill the
man from the other side.
And they didn't kill me.
I'm not from here, am I?
You didn't just open up a
hole to the other side.
You went through...
and you brought me back.
That's why I was able to
survive Newton's device.
It's why I can't remember my childhood.
You were dying, Peter...
It's why my mother committed suicide.
Isn't it?
She knew...
Didn't she?
And when I left, the guilt was
too much for her to live with...
the lie.
Peter, you need to understand something.
I understand, Walter.
I understand everything now.
Son...
I am not your son.
I'd like to be alone now.
Uh, it... it would be easier if you
don't try to talk just yet, Mr. Secretary.
You see, despite the preparation,
crossing over is quite
an ordeal on your body,
and, uh, the consequences
are unpredictable.
This... this should help.
You should...
you should be able to sleep for a while.
And hopefully, when you wake up,
you'll be stabilized.
Walter, it's 6:00.
Peter's probably still sleeping.
I have to go to the hospital now.
Are you going to drive me,
or shall I call a cab?
Hey.
Walter...
Peter checked himself out of
the hospital three hours ago.
He isn't at the lab, and he's
not answering his phone.
He's gone.
Sync by elderman
Corrected by chamallow35 & Kerensky
Final edits by Arcinboldi
www.Addic7ed.Com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org